All right, so
let's wrap up chapter number five.
This is the last piece of this.
Here's what I would like for you to do.
This is the additional projects
portion of the course.
So what we've got here
is a series of projects.
And you'll see that there's
that first project.
We've already got that coded.
We've got the projects I'm proud of,
that's all coded.
But now we've got two more.
And so one of these looks very similar.
That's the Wall of Wonder collection.
But then we have this Feed-A-Star-Mole
game that is a reverse layout.
So instead of having
the image on the left and
the text on the right,
we reverse those two.
So that is your next challenge.
And I have given you
your beginning CodePen.
I'm giving you answers for
all of the images on the left,
all of the text on the right.
If it feels like too much for
you to try to make one go the other way,
there's an answer for that.
That would probably be the best
approach to start with.
And then if you have time,
see if you can make that middle one and
just the middle one do the reverse layout.
And then we'll come back and
I will give you my answer.
Let's take a look at the same side layout
CodePen here and see what happened.
So I gave you all of the text and the
pictures and everything that you needed.
So the big challenge here in making
the same side-by-side layout like
this was very simply just making sure the
HTML is the same for all of the projects.
So what you hopefully did was you went
through each one of these projects,
turned it into an article,
gave it that div with a class of text.
Marked up each one of these projects
the same way with the h3s and
the h4s and the paragraphs with
the class of blackbox, and so forth.
And so in theory, it should all
then look exactly like this because
we established the pattern
with the first project.
And the other two projects then,
if they're marked up the same way,
they should wind up looking the same way,
too.
You shouldn't have to adjust any CSS for
those succeeding projects.
And, of course, if you wanted to make
your screen a little bit smaller,
you should see how nicely everything
stacks on top of each other.
Okay, so
that's the same side part of that.
Once you have that working, so the markup
is correct and it's on the same side,
then the next question is how do
we get that alternating layout?
And so the way that you would
go about doing that is this.
So in the HTML for that second project, I
set up an article with a class of reverse,
because that's what it is, it's reversing.
And then we just set up some
exceptions with that reverse class.
So in our CSS, what we'll do
inside the media query, so here,
for projects reverse,
I just read a few styles to reverse this.
So instead of projects or
just the regular old text,
here I've said projects reverse text,
has a different configuration for
our grid column, a different configuration
for the order, and so forth.
So some of those numbers change.
And instead of saying flex-end for
our list that we have here at the end,
we go back and
tell it to do a flex-start again.
So it's really just these three classes
here that you would need in order to
reverse this.
We're just gonna change what columns and
the ordering of the image and
the text to make these things
then overlap each other.
So that's all there is to that and making
all of the rest of this go in place.